tiup: add command docs of clean, install and status (#4979)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-command-clean.md

---
title: tiup clean
---

# tiup clean

The command `tiup clean` is used to clear the data generated during component operation.

## Syntax

```sh
tiup clean [name] [flags]
```

The value of `[name]` is the `Name` field output by the [`status` command](/tiup/tiup-command-status.md). If `[name]` is omitted, you must add the `--all` option in the `tiup clean` command.

## Option

### --all

> + Clears all operation records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clears all operation records.
```

> - Clears all operation records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clears all operation records
```

---
title: tiup clean
---

# tiup clean

The command `tiup clean` is used to clear the data generated during component operation.

## Syntax

```sh
tiup clean [name] [flags]
```

> The value of `[name]` is the `Name` field output by [status command](/tiup/tiup-command-status.md). If you omit the `[name]`, it must be used with the `--all` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `[name]` is the `Name` field output by the [`status` command](/tiup/tiup-command-status.md). If `[name]` is omitted, you must add the `--all` option in the `tiup clean` command.
```

## Option

### --all

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

+ Clears all operation records.
```

- Data type: Boolean
- Default: false

> 
> Clear all running records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
